>> Jen Kramer: The next thing that
I have been asked to talk about for
this workshop is responsive images.
So here with our responsive images,
we have two kinds of images that
might be of interest to us, one is
the big picture on a page that might
look great on a desktop and we wanna go
to a mobile dimension, we probably want to
change that to a different type of image.
So, we have those kinds of images that
display on a page that with an image tag
and we also have images that display
on pages with background images,
right?, fabulous.
So that's what we're gonna talk about
next, both of those approaches.
Okay, so here we are, responsive images.
So remember, images that resize
is one of the key things, or
the key properties that
we need to remember for
responsive design.
And there's a whole bunch of
different ways to do this.
And as you've noticed, I've used a really
lovely hack, to make this happen.
We loaded one image in and
I just stretch it to fit the screen,
right?, super awesome hack.
But, probably not the best approach,
right.
Cuz we can load a big image and
then we can use our HTML
properties to scale it, right?
Not the best approach, why?
>> Jen Kramer: Why is that?
Pardon?
>> Speaker 2: Pixelation?
>> Jen Kramer: Pixelation
definitely could be a problem.
It could get really
pixelated as it gets big.
What else could be a problem with that?,
if we load one image and
use it across all sizes?
>> Speaker 2: Load times?
>> Jen Kramer: Load times can definitely
become a factor, right?
We have a great, big,
honking huge image on desktop,
trying to display that on mobile, not
the best experience in the world, right?
We can have a server-side solution, right?
So browser sends over to the server,
hello, I'm a browser and my screen is so
and so pixels wide and the server goes,
cool, here's an image, right?
It's the appropriate image to that, so
those kinds of solutions are great and
that is all the technology I'm gonna
talk about for those solutions, but
those are awesome,
you can totally use those.
How about this solution?
Where we have a whole bunch of images,
three or
four image tags one after the other and
then we're just gonna use display none or
display inline or display block, to turn
them on and off at various dimensions.
What actually happens with that approach?
>> Speaker 2: It's still being
loaded even though it's not being shown.
>> Jen Kramer: Now you're loading
four images on the page,
even though you're only displaying one.
You're now loading three or
four images on the page.
They load in in the background,
so they still download,
not a good approach either.
But there are some JavaScript
solutions on the client side that will
download just the right picture for
your particular solution.
So it will know exactly
which image to download and
just download that one picture.
Okay, but
even better than all of that is this brand
new HTML tag called the picture tag.
It was released as part of HTML 5.1 that
was released in September of last year so
it's now been out for a year.
And as you can see here, the support for
the picture tag is pretty good except for
the usual suspects like Internet Explorer,
we love Internet Explorer.
But of course it works great in Firefox
and Chrome and so forth, all right?
And then we also have a picture fill,
which is the picture tag polyfill
that can be used to help backwards
compatibility, All right.
So if you wind up with a situation where
you do have to support Internet Explorer,
the Picturefill Polyfill is
a great way of doing that.